Update con_adoption prerequisites for compute nodes (#826)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_adoption-prerequisites.adoc

* Upgrade your Compute nodes to Red Hat Enterprise Linux {rhel_prev_ver}. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/framework_for_upgrades_16.2_to_17.1/index#upgrading-compute-nodes_upgrading-the-compute-node-operating-system[Upgrading all Compute nodes to RHEL 9.2] in _Framework for upgrades (16.2 to 17.1)_.
* Perform a minor update to the latest {OpenStackShort} version. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/index[Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform].

> * If the `systemd-container` package is not installed on your Compute hosts, install it via the following command and reboot all hypervisors one by one to activate the `systemd-container` package. To avoid interrupting your workloads during the reboot, live migrate virtual machine instances before rebooting a node. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/assembly_rebooting-the-overcloud_keeping-updated#proc_rebooting-compute-nodes_rebooting-the-overcloud[Rebooting Compute nodes] in _Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform_.
> 
> [source, shell]
> ----
> sudo dnf -y install systemd-container
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `systemd-container` package is not installed on your Compute hosts, install it by using the following command and then reboot all hypervisors one by one to activate the `systemd-container` package:
+
[source, shell]
----
$ sudo dnf -y install systemd-container
----
+
To avoid interrupting your workloads during the reboot, live migrate virtual machine instances before rebooting a node. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/assembly_rebooting-the-overcloud_keeping-updated#proc_rebooting-compute-nodes_rebooting-the-overcloud[Rebooting Compute nodes] in _Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform_.
```

* Upgrade your Compute nodes to Red Hat Enterprise Linux {rhel_prev_ver}. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html-single/framework_for_upgrades_16.2_to_17.1/index#upgrading-compute-nodes_upgrading-the-compute-node-operating-system[Upgrading all Compute nodes to RHEL 9.2] in _Framework for upgrades (16.2 to 17.1)_.
* Perform a minor update to the latest {OpenStackShort} version. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/index[Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform].
* If the `systemd-container` package is not installed on your Compute hosts, install it by using the following command and then reboot all hypervisors one by one to activate the `systemd-container` package:
+
[source, shell]
----
$ sudo dnf -y install systemd-container

> ----
> +
> To avoid interrupting your workloads during the reboot, live migrate virtual machine instances before rebooting a node. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/assembly_rebooting-the-overcloud_keeping-updated#proc_rebooting-compute-nodes_rebooting-the-overcloud[Rebooting Compute nodes] in _Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----

** Reboot all hypervisors one by one to activate the `systemd-container` package. To avoid interrupting your workloads during the reboot, live migrate virtual machine instances before rebooting a node. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.1/html/performing_a_minor_update_of_red_hat_openstack_platform/assembly_rebooting-the-overcloud_keeping-updated#proc_rebooting-compute-nodes_rebooting-the-overcloud[Rebooting Compute nodes] in _Performing a minor update of Red Hat OpenStack Platform_.
```
